gh-101152:  Implement PEP 699 (#101193)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.12.rst

  is no current event loop set and it decides to create one.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka and Guido van Rossum in :gh:`100160`.)

> * In accordance with PEP 699, the ``ma_version_tag`` field in :c:type:`PyDictObject`

Reviewer: Woops, I also just realised we can markup the PEP to link to it. Sorry, could you adjust the news too?
```suggestion
* In accordance with :pep:`699`, the ``ma_version_tag`` field in :c:type:`PyDictObject`
```

> * Added the PEP-699 Implementation, :meth:`ma_version_tag` is deprecated for extension modules

Reviewer: Is the `:meth:` markup correct? This isn't a method, it's a field/attribute. There's a guide here https://devguide.python.org/documentation/markup/.

Author: thanks, got the mistake

  is deprecated for extension modules. Accessing this field will generate a compiler

>   warning at compile time. This field will be removed in Python 3.13.

Reviewer: Ah wait sorry, I forgot we're already in 3.12. So this should be changed to say removed in 3.14. Please update the news item as well.

Author: yes i'll do that

> * Added the PEP-699 Implementation, :meth:`ma_version_tag` is deprecated for extension modules
>   you can continue using it for the core code. The deprecation warning will pop up for extension modules.
>   (Contributed by Ramvikrams and Kumar Aditya in :gh:`101193`.)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In accordance with PEP 699, the ``ma_version_tag`` field in :c:type:`PyDictObject`
  is deprecated for extension modules. Accessing this field will generate a compiler
  warning at compile time. This field will be removed in Python 3.13.
  (Contributed by Ramvikrams and Kumar Aditya in :gh:`101193`. PEP by Ken Jin.)
```
